https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-calculator

1. funkcje: , dodawanie, odejmowanie, mnożenie, dzielenie -> przetestować w konsoli

2. nowa funkcja operate() - bierze operator i 2 numery i woła funkcje z punktu 1.

3. UI 

4. funkcje:

funkcje zapełniające wyświetlacz kiedy naciskane są klawisze

zmienna przechowująca wartość wyświetlacza (displayValue)

-------------------------------------------

5. Niech zacznie działać!
przechowywać pierwszy numer który jest naciskany kiedy użytkownik naciska operator i również zapisać która operacia została wybrania i odpalić operate() kiedy użytkownik naciśnie "="

6.
Gotchas: watch out for and fix these bugs if they show up in your code:
Users should be able to string together several operations and get the right answer, with each pair of numbers being evaluated at a time. For example, 12 + 7 - 5 * 3 = should yield 42. An example of the behavior we’re looking for would be this student solution.
Your calculator should not evaluate more than a single pair of numbers at a time. Example: you press a number button (12), followed by an operator button (+), a second number button (7), and finally a second operator button (-). Your calculator should then do the following: first, evaluate the first pair of numbers (12 + 7), second, display the result of that calculation (19), and finally, use that result (19) as the first number in your new calculation, along with the next operator (-).
You should round answers with long decimals so that they don’t overflow the screen.
Pressing = before entering all of the numbers or an operator could cause problems!
Pressing “clear” should wipe out any existing data.. make sure the user is really starting fresh after pressing “clear”
Display a snarky error message if the user tries to divide by 0… and don’t let it crash your calculator!


Extra Credit
Users can get floating point numbers if they do the math required to get one, but they can’t type them in yet. Add a . button and let users input decimals! Make sure you don’t let them type more than one though: 12.3.56.5. It is hard to do math on these numbers. (disable the decimal button if there’s already one in the display)
Make it look nice! This is a great project to practice your CSS skills. At least make the operations a different color from the keypad buttons.
Add a “backspace” button, so the user can undo if they click the wrong number.
Add keyboard support! You might run into an issue where keys such as (/) might cause you some trouble. Read the MDN documentation for event.preventDefault to help solve this problem.
